Add basic sanitation to the controller docs (#1540)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/dev-docs/backend-customization/controllers.md

When a new [content-type](/dev-docs/backend-customization/models#content-types) is created, Strapi builds a generic controller with placeholder code, ready to be customized.
:::

### Sanitization in controllers

:::warning
As of Strapi v4.7.0 and greater it's strongly recommended you sanitize your incoming request query and parameters utilizing the new `sanitizeParams` function to prevent leaking of private data.
:::

#### Sanitization when utilizing controller factories

> Within the Strapi factories there are 2 functions exposed that can be used for sanitization:

Reviewer: Are we excluding input sanitization on purpose here?

Author: No I just forgot to add it :facepalm:

| Function Name    | Parameters    | Description                                |
|------------------|---------------|--------------------------------------------|

> | `sanitizeParams` | `ctx`         | Sanitizes the request parameters and query |

Reviewer: It won't sanitize the parameters, only the query :eyes:

Author: The function name says different lol :laughing:

> | `sanitizeOutput` | `data`, `ctx` | Sanitizes the output data                  |

Reviewer: I think we should precise that data has to be an entity (or an array of entities) of the same type as the factory from which we define the controller

> These two function will automatically inherit the sanitization settings from the model and will sanitize the data accordingly based on the content type schema and users-permissions plugin's permissions.

Reviewer: > users-permissions plugin's permissions

Or API token, basically any content API permission strategy

Within the Strapi factories there are 2 functions exposed that can be used for sanitization:

| Function Name    | Parameters                 | Description                                                                          |
|------------------|----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `sanitizeParams` | `ctx`                      | Sanitizes the request query                                                          |
| `sanitizeOutput` | `entity`/`entities`, `ctx` | Sanitizes the output data where entity/entities should be an object or array of data |
| `sanitizeInput`  | `data`, `ctx`              | Sanitizes the input data                                                             |

> These two function will automatically inherit the sanitization settings from the model and will sanitize the data accordingly based on the content type schema and any of the content API authentication strategies such as the Users-Permissions plugin or API Tokens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These functions automatically inherit the sanitization settings from the model and sanitize the data accordingly based on the content-type schema and any of the content API authentication strategies, such as the Users & Permissions plugin or API tokens.
```
